hello my dear friends today once
there will be no other video today
But I have to give you a match play part
what report because there is new review
news so the first news comes to one
the binsfelder game is my name
favorite example my favorite dish
Game is the legend of Zelda Twilight
princess for the nintendo wii and also
both played for the gamecube
and I saw no difference
only mirrored is the game on
In any case, we come to my two
favorite station it's zelda the wind
waker yes it should be for the wii u
come out in autumn 2013
I'll show you some pictures where
you can see
that's epic so I'm here in
video from view directly so that's one
Presentation of 23 the first 2013 of
the ideas and germany channel on
youtube
can you have a look and they are
now a lot of pictures in it I show
these pictures are also from the
quality of nintendo so therefore have
I photographed the pictures and set
her show you that's her wallet
and I will differentiate you now
show a moment i watch the whole video
continue playing so I see exactly
for example pony that is now
zeller wind waker from game group and
now the difference to the eu ok left
is view in hd and right of gamecube
I already found everything with money
pretty nice because it was like I said
a kind and graphic I found very much
quiet market looks to you now again
the view graphic
me if the next pictures into it
a moment I have to fast forward so
then you have the astana team here
the vuvuzela demo we have her zelda hd
Experiments called yes because it looks exactly
again a piece of gamecube and
now you will see a little bit of
zelda view wind waker here right epic
or what do you say to that
awesome so I know what you think about it
but I think it's just really horny
also give new control possibilities
and new features so the number like that
a little difference to the view and
game group
so i have to say respect now
a photo of itself a few process
are still going through a photo of
zelda and petras is coming now
pirate ship very nice to look at yes
and here's left and tetra, after all
really cool from what do you say
So I think it's awesome and that has one
big praise also here behind the woman with
the flowers on the head
So he really respects so absolute
respect he is only i am pleased
already on it and I have the once
view and then it goes off because you want
but ultimately this is what it does
which zelda the wind waker after the
new project what's coming up with autumn
move and then he will zelda for it
very likely twilight princess
come soon yes so there is one more
a new yet a new zelda info that
new zelda for wii u so after zelda and
which one will come again a new one
counter
it should pass this reallife graphic
So it's like on his tour and it's just
in hd on most likely 1080p and
a completely new story and will open
definitely something for him neither a
We do not like skyward
sword was a fool for me
so good a long development that it
Everyone has their own opinion on everyone
If there is still a joschi game for
the view sometime when exactly it comes
I do not know but it should come
should have a graphic I have one here
picture for you looks a bit like that
how does that mean?
Kirby years so for years the
conforming well so joshuas is like
epic years from kirby that's how it should be
its magical and it will be me
not so enthusiastic because of
epic years kirby because the game is not so
great but we are curious and
look at the first two if the at
Come on, let's have a look
next thing is coming a year
also one of the most important
First of all, play Mario Kart
you will come sometime so that you have
now also endo people confirmed that
comes with intel chip on the e3
we see some pictures and
Refresh gameplays and come now
we got a really big title
the successor already mario galaxy
2 a new super mario 3d adventure
the very ones are going to be endless
call description
I have the info all of tnf twister
they were also confirmed by the nintendo
So here 's the official one
team side and you can go in there
watch
I hope you have the information
Please, see you soon
then bite again and look